[datadog_security_monitoring_suppression] Add an example for suppression (#2288)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/security_monitoring_suppression.md

Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Suppression API resource. It can be used to create and manage Datadog security monitoring suppression rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_security_monitoring_suppression" "my_suppression" {
  name              = "My suppression"

>   description       = "Suppression for low severity cloudtrail signals from test environments limited to 2024"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description       = "Suppression for low severity CloudTrail signals from test environments limited to 2024"
```

Author: Done in [e4e6107](https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/2288/commits/e4e6107db763b99e2807feb8bd3ce1398ffd9a9c)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell

> # Security monitoring suppressions can be imported using ID, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Security monitoring suppressions can be imported using ID, for example:
```

Author: Done in [e4e6107](https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/2288/commits/e4e6107db763b99e2807feb8bd3ce1398ffd9a9c)
